feat: add SenseNova-U1-8B-MoT-Infographic-V3 (#223)
OpenSenseNova/SenseNova-U1: README.md

</p>

## 📣 Updated News

> - `[2026.07.16]` Release [SenseNova-U1-8B-MoT-Infographic-V3 📊](https://huggingface.co/sensenova/SenseNova-U1-8B-MoT-Infographic-V3), designed for an integrated infographic generation-and-editing workflow. It retains strong text-to-image (T2I) capability while significantly enhancing infographic editing capabilities. The model supports ten editing tasks across four major categories, including localized text editing, localized content editing, global style editing, and global layout editing. It enables accurate text restoration and correction in dense text regions while preserving the consistency and integrity of unedited areas whenever possible during the editing process. See [✨ U1 Infographic Model Series](docs/u1_infographic_model.md) for model details and benchmark results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[2026.07.16]` Release [SenseNova-U1-8B-MoT-Infographic-V3 📊](https://huggingface.co/sensenova/SenseNova-U1-8B-MoT-Infographic-V3), designed for integrated infographic generation and editing. It retains strong text-to-image (T2I) capabilities while significantly enhancing infographic editing, supporting localized text and content editing, global style editing, and global layout editing. See [✨ U1 Infographic Model Series](docs/u1_infographic_model.md) for model details and benchmark results.
```
